You are Geralt of Rivia, mercenary monster slayer. Before you stands a war-torn, monster-infested continent you can explore at will. Your current contract? Tracking down Ciri — the Child of Prophecy, a living weapon that can alter the shape of the world. The Complete Edition contains the base game, offering a huge, over 100-hour long, open-world adventure, as well as both of its massive story expansions: Hearts of Stone & Blood and Wine worth an extra 50 hours of gameplay! It also comes with all additional content released for the game, alongside new features and items, including a built-in Photo Mode, swords, armor, and alternate outfits inspired by The Witcher Netflix series — and more! UPDATED FOR PLAYSTATION 5 Behold the dark fantasy world of the Continent like never before! This edition of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has been enhanced with numerous visual and technical improvements, including vastly improved level of detail, faster loading times, a range of community created and newly developed mods for the game, real-time ray tracing, 3D audio support, and more — all implemented with the power of the PlayStation 5 in mind. The game also utilizes the unique features of the Dual Sense controller, with its advanced haptics and adaptive triggers, letting you immerse yourself in the adventure even more! PLAY AS A HIGHLY TRAINED MONSTER SLAYER FOR HIRE -Trained from early childhood and mutated to gain superhuman skills, strength, and reflexes, witchers are a counterbalance to the monster-infested world in which they live. -Gruesomely destroy foes as a professional monster hunter armed with a range of upgradeable weapons, mutating potions, and combat magic. -Hunt down a wide variety of exotic monsters, from savage beasts prowling mountain passes to cunning supernatural...
